the gamers should be able to do the
things they love to to help sick and
injured kids as well and so extra life
was born on October 15th in 2008 video
games are like the number one form of
entertainment on planet earth have been
now for quite a while anyone could be
involved in their life getting involved
with X right is really simple you just
have to go to the website and extra -
life 0 RG put in a few details in there
join a team if you'd like to or create
one after that is as simple as
fundraising with your friends and family
let them know why you are doing this
they should know that the money we raise
is going to stay local in your community